README.md, before:

# Puyan Wei

[Work Experience](#experience) | [Projects](#projects) | [Skills](#skills) | [Education](#eduction) | [Hobbies](#hobbies) | [Blog](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/)

Hi there! I am a graduate of Makers Academy Coding Boot Camp and an ex online poker player continuing my career in software development. I am currently looking for work as a Front End Web Developer.

I have already have work experience developing the rebrand website design of a start up. We used technologies in Vue.js, Webpack, ES6 Javascript and SASS whilst working in a team in an agile fashion.

I'm interested in the creation and exploration of ideas. As a graduate of the London College of Communication in Interactive Design, I have always been interested in how people and technology interact within different environments.

## Work Experience

#### Mettrr, Front End Developer (March 2018 - June 2018)

Worked collaboratively to create a responsive rebrand of the Mettrr website using Vue.JS.

-   Creating pages based on the graphic designer's specifications.

-   Picking up tickets to fix functional and visual bugs.

-   Good git and github processes, using branches and regular commits with good descriptions.

-   Good communication with my team via daily stand ups and retrospectives at the end of sprints.

-   Coded using Vue.js with Vuex implementation. Adhered to a strict Air bnb style linting and SCSS format using CSS Grid layout.

-   Using ES6 Javascript to create and debug logic within the webpack application.

#### Self-Employed Online Poker Professional (2010 - 2016)

Poker is a decision making, skill based (person vs person) strategy game entailing equity analysis and mathematical calculations.

#### Sit and Go Protege, Stable Manager Joint Venture (2011 - 2013)

A coaching website in teaching poker for profit sharing. My duties included coaching, forum maintenance, uploading and editing vides, and accountancy.

## [Makers Academy](https://www.makersacademy.com/) Boot Camp Projects

| Project | Description | Technologies | Blog Post |
| - | - | - | - |
| [Quark Text Editor](https://github.com/puyanwei/quark-text-editor) | Code Editor desktop app attempting to rival Atom, but ends up being a smaller version! A two week final project | Electron, Chromium, Node JS, HTML, CSS, Spectron | [Week One](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/2017/10/makers-week-eleven-final-project-lets.html), [Week Two](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/2017/10/makers-week-twelve-final-project-we.html) |
| [Pokeball Run!](https://github.com/puyanwei/pokeball) | A gyroscope movement iPhone game with Pokemon. Made in 5 days learning Swift from scratch | XCode 9, Swift 4, and XCTest | [We Built an iPhone Game](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/2017/10/makers-week-nine-we-built-iphone-game.html)|
| [Air Bnb](https://github.com/puyanwei/DrPJsMakersBnB) | An Air Bnb website clone involving a login system and database integration | Javascript, Mongo DB, Node JS, Express, Mocha Chai and Zombie JS | [Grouping Up For Makers](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/2017/09/makers-week-six-grouping-up-for-makers.html) |
| [Tic Tac Toe](https://github.com/puyanwei/Tic-Tac-Toe)             | Coding focused on high quality practices recreating the classic game Tic Tac Toe for the terminal | Ruby, RSpec, SimpleCov, Rubocop, Flog | [High Quality Coding Post](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/2017/10/makers-week-ten-top-quality-code-innit.html)|

## Self Initiated Projects

| Project | Description | Technologies | Blog Post |
| - | - | - | - |
| [React Bookmark Manager](https://github.com/puyanwei/react-bookmark-manager) | Learning React by creating a webpage that holds all your favourite websites adhering to best practices | ES6 Javascript, HTML, CSS, React.js, Heroku | [Link to Bookmark Manager Website](https://react-bookmark-manager.herokuapp.com/)    
| [Notes Web App](https://github.com/puyanwei/Notes-App-SPA) | A Single Page App created only using vanilla Javascript only built with a MVC structure | Javascript, HTML, DOM, CSS, Espresso (See below) | [Single Page App Notes](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/2018/01/single-page-app-write-note.html) |
| [Espresso](https://github.com/puyanwei/espresso)                       | Custom built testing framework built with vanilla javascript. Inspired by Mocha.js        | Javascript, HTML, CSS |                            |
| [Punching Bag](https://github.com/puyanwei/punching-bag)               | Interactive game inspired by the 60's Batman series practicing learning how to use Vue.js | Javascript, HTML, CSS, Vue.js, Heroku            | [A Vue to a View](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/2018/02/a-vue-to-view-punchbag-game.html) |
| [2048](https://github.com/puyanwei/2048)                               | Practicing TDD recreating the classic mobile game in the web browser | Javascript, HTML, CSS, Jasmine | [Link to Game](https://puyanwei.github.io/2048/)|

## Skills

### Commitment

I love to [blog](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/) regularly and mine has 90,000+ views, with over 130 posts at the moment and I recently transitioned it from talking about poker to coding.

I am very driven to learning, I code almost every day with side projects. During and after Makers I had been commuting to London from Milton Keynes. I am committed improving and continuously creating new applications to embrace the unknown of new technologies.

### Teamwork

I’m a great team player, and love collaboration. I loved the collaborative nature of working in a team, using stand ups, and retrospective at the end of our sprints for continuous communication. We made sure we added small commits to the website in an agile fashion. We went through our ups and downs together, as a team.

### Initiative

I managed to teach and sustain myself running my own business in online poker. Soon I was able to develop a website where we would teach clients our knowledge in return for sharing profits.

I gave up online poker and decided to pursue the goal of learning to code. Within 4 months I had learned Java, Javascript, completed some courses on udacity and freecodecamp, and built some basic games.

### Creativity

I pride myself on being a creative person. Many of my ideas for projects at Makers ended up making the final cut, including the final project, which was to build a desktop app from scratch.

A project I worked on in University was to debunk the idea that advertising has to spammy in order to be successful. We left branded items around south London and organised [stunts](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ry-25_HDpWs) with a link to our campaign.

## Education

#### Makers Academy (July to October 2017)

-   Curiosity and Passion for Code

-   Independent Learner and Problem-Solver

-   Object Orientated Programming, TDD

-   Regular Git Commits and Good Descriptions

-   Pair Programming

-   Agile and XP Value Principles

#### University of the Arts, London College of Communication - BA Hons Graphic Media and Design, Interactive Design (2004 to 2008)

-   Started out in Advertising, moved to Interactive Design.

-   Exploration of environments its interactions. Smart design based on functionality rather then aesthetics.

#### Bedford College, Art and Design Foundation Diploma (2002-2003)

## Hobbies

-   [Blogging](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/) about my travels, ideas and interests.

-   Self initiated coding projects.

-   I love comedy, going to gigs and literally having a laugh!

-   A passion for cooking and eating great food!

Commit message:

Added clearer description for working with designer

README.md, after:

# Puyan Wei

[Work Experience](#experience) | [Projects](#projects) | [Skills](#skills) | [Education](#eduction) | [Hobbies](#hobbies) | [Blog](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/)

Hi there! I am a graduate of Makers Academy Coding Boot Camp and an ex online poker player continuing my career in software development. I am currently looking for work as a Front End Web Developer.

I have already have work experience developing the rebrand website design of a start up. We used technologies in Vue.js, Webpack, ES6 Javascript and SASS whilst working in a team in an agile fashion.

I'm interested in the creation and exploration of ideas. As a graduate of the London College of Communication in Interactive Design, I have always been interested in how people and technology interact within different environments.

## Work Experience

#### Mettrr, Front End Developer (March 2018 - June 2018)

Worked collaboratively to create a responsive rebrand of the Mettrr website using Vue.JS.

-   Creating pages based on the graphic designer's specifications. Start with mobile screen design size first, then move up implementing tablet and desktop designs.

-   Picking up tickets to fix functional and visual bugs.

-   Good git and github processes, using branches and regular commits with good descriptions.

-   Good communication with my team via daily stand ups and retrospectives at the end of sprints.

-   Coded using Vue.js with Vuex implementation. Adhered to a strict Air bnb style linting and SCSS format using CSS Grid layout.

-   Using ES6 Javascript to create and debug logic within the webpack application.

#### Self-Employed Online Poker Professional (2010 - 2016)

Poker is a decision making, skill based (person vs person) strategy game entailing equity analysis and mathematical calculations.

#### Sit and Go Protege, Stable Manager Joint Venture (2011 - 2013)

A coaching website in teaching poker for profit sharing. My duties included coaching, forum maintenance, uploading and editing vides, and accountancy.

## [Makers Academy](https://www.makersacademy.com/) Boot Camp Projects

| Project | Description | Technologies | Blog Post |
| - | - | - | - |
| [Quark Text Editor](https://github.com/puyanwei/quark-text-editor) | Code Editor desktop app attempting to rival Atom, but ends up being a smaller version! A two week final project | Electron, Chromium, Node JS, HTML, CSS, Spectron | [Week One](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/2017/10/makers-week-eleven-final-project-lets.html), [Week Two](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/2017/10/makers-week-twelve-final-project-we.html) |
| [Pokeball Run!](https://github.com/puyanwei/pokeball) | A gyroscope movement iPhone game with Pokemon. Made in 5 days learning Swift from scratch | XCode 9, Swift 4, and XCTest | [We Built an iPhone Game](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/2017/10/makers-week-nine-we-built-iphone-game.html)|
| [Air Bnb](https://github.com/puyanwei/DrPJsMakersBnB) | An Air Bnb website clone involving a login system and database integration | Javascript, Mongo DB, Node JS, Express, Mocha Chai and Zombie JS | [Grouping Up For Makers](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/2017/09/makers-week-six-grouping-up-for-makers.html) |
| [Tic Tac Toe](https://github.com/puyanwei/Tic-Tac-Toe)             | Coding focused on high quality practices recreating the classic game Tic Tac Toe for the terminal | Ruby, RSpec, SimpleCov, Rubocop, Flog | [High Quality Coding Post](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/2017/10/makers-week-ten-top-quality-code-innit.html)|

## Self Initiated Projects

| Project | Description | Technologies | Blog Post |
| - | - | - | - |
| [React Bookmark Manager](https://github.com/puyanwei/react-bookmark-manager) | Learning React by creating a webpage that holds all your favourite websites adhering to best practices | ES6 Javascript, HTML, CSS, React.js, Heroku | [Link to Bookmark Manager Website](https://react-bookmark-manager.herokuapp.com/)    
| [Notes Web App](https://github.com/puyanwei/Notes-App-SPA) | A Single Page App created only using vanilla Javascript only built with a MVC structure | Javascript, HTML, DOM, CSS, Espresso (See below) | [Single Page App Notes](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/2018/01/single-page-app-write-note.html) |
| [Espresso](https://github.com/puyanwei/espresso)                       | Custom built testing framework built with vanilla javascript. Inspired by Mocha.js        | Javascript, HTML, CSS |                            |
| [Punching Bag](https://github.com/puyanwei/punching-bag)               | Interactive game inspired by the 60's Batman series practicing learning how to use Vue.js | Javascript, HTML, CSS, Vue.js, Heroku            | [A Vue to a View](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/2018/02/a-vue-to-view-punchbag-game.html) |
| [2048](https://github.com/puyanwei/2048)                               | Practicing TDD recreating the classic mobile game in the web browser | Javascript, HTML, CSS, Jasmine | [Link to Game](https://puyanwei.github.io/2048/)|

## Skills

### Commitment

I love to [blog](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/) regularly and mine has 90,000+ views, with over 130 posts at the moment and I recently transitioned it from talking about poker to coding.

I am very driven to learning, I code almost every day with side projects. During and after Makers I had been commuting to London from Milton Keynes. I am committed improving and continuously creating new applications to embrace the unknown of new technologies.

### Teamwork

I’m a great team player, and love collaboration. I loved the collaborative nature of working in a team, using stand ups, and retrospective at the end of our sprints for continuous communication. We made sure we added small commits to the website in an agile fashion. We went through our ups and downs together, as a team.

### Initiative

I managed to teach and sustain myself running my own business in online poker. Soon I was able to develop a website where we would teach clients our knowledge in return for sharing profits.

I gave up online poker and decided to pursue the goal of learning to code. Within 4 months I had learned Java, Javascript, completed some courses on udacity and freecodecamp, and built some basic games.

### Creativity

I pride myself on being a creative person. Many of my ideas for projects at Makers ended up making the final cut, including the final project, which was to build a desktop app from scratch.

A project I worked on in University was to debunk the idea that advertising has to spammy in order to be successful. We left branded items around south London and organised [stunts](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ry-25_HDpWs) with a link to our campaign.

## Education

#### Makers Academy (July to October 2017)

-   Curiosity and Passion for Code

-   Independent Learner and Problem-Solver

-   Object Orientated Programming, TDD

-   Regular Git Commits and Good Descriptions

-   Pair Programming

-   Agile and XP Value Principles

#### University of the Arts, London College of Communication - BA Hons Graphic Media and Design, Interactive Design (2004 to 2008)

-   Started out in Advertising, moved to Interactive Design.

-   Exploration of environments its interactions. Smart design based on functionality rather then aesthetics.

#### Bedford College, Art and Design Foundation Diploma (2002-2003)

## Hobbies

-   [Blogging](https://thep-log.blogspot.co.uk/) about my travels, ideas and interests.

-   Self initiated coding projects.

-   I love comedy, going to gigs and literally having a laugh!

-   A passion for cooking and eating great food!
